And welcome back.
In the previous video, we talked about a few of the common tags that HTML uses and we're going to expand
on that knowledge and learn a few more.
So I'm going to delete these and I'm going to teach you about something called a ordered list.
So an old tag.
And within this tag, we have list items.
Banana.
And another list item, do apple.
And lastly, let's do orange.
So if I save this again, I refresh.
And we have banana, apple, orange.
So you can see here, this is how you make lists.
And this is an ordered list.
So you can see we have one, two, three.
If we want to make it without the numbers, we use something called an unordered list.
And again, I save that and refresh.
And we have these.
Now, there's also some fields that you can use.
So, again, this is all about nesting and having parent tags and children tags.
So let's say within apples we wanted to have.
Let me structure that a little bit cleaner.
There you go.
Within Apple's we also want to emphasize that there is the.
Fuji Apple.
And there is Honeycrisp.
Well, I can't think of a third type of apple, so I'm just going to delete that if I save this and
refresh what?
We have a nested list.
There you have it.
We have your list items.
I'll see in the next video where we're going to learn about putting images into our website and self
closing tags.
See you in the next one.